feat(mapOptionToKey): provide first helper (#87)
americanexpress/fetchye: README.md

  * [`DELETE_DATA`](#delete_data)
  * [`ERROR`](#error)
  * [`CLEAR_ERROR`](#clear_error)

> * [`mapOptionToKey Helpers`](#mapoptiontokey_helpers)

Reviewer: Broken link

```suggestion
* [`mapOptionToKey Helpers`](#mapoptiontokey-helpers)
```

|---|---|---|
| `hash` | `String` | The hash value generated by [`object-hash`](https://github.com/puleos/object-hash) package for the query |

### mapOptionToKey Helpers
These helpers provide a more compact and simple way of common transforms.

There is currently one helper.

#### ignoreHeadersByKey

**Shape**

`(String[]) => mapOptionsToKeyFunction`

**Arguments**

| name   | type            | required | description                                                                                      |
|--------|-----------------|----------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `keys` | `Array<String>` | `true`   | creates a mapOptionsToKey function that removed headers whos keys that match the specified keys  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `keys` | `Array<String>` | `true`   | creates a mapOptionsToKey function that removes headers whose keys match the specified keys  |
```
